a new problem for civilians here as war
and Siege intensify on the Gaza Strip
and with the rainfall municipalities are
no longer being able to operate as a
result of their vehicles being destroyed
by Israeli
forces unfortunately the tragedy has
befallen us the tragedy of which we have
warned the jabalia camp has been flooded
as a result of the Overflow of the Abu
rashed res
because we lost electricity completely
and we were unable to operate generators
we don't have solar energy we did not
have any new solar panels since the
beginning of the war against the Gaza
Strip there is a quantity of solar
panels however these panels are being
held at the Gaza Strip with
UNICEF so now we issuing a last call to
rescue the jabalia camp and rescue the
jabalia municipality following the
destruction of the majority of vehicles
the majority of Wastewater pumps and
Wells we left the war and here we are
facing a new war sewage water leaked
into classrooms and flooded them our
children are suffering from disease and
gastrointestinal symptoms we are
suffering from sickness this is the
situation we are living in this is the
tragedy that we are living in our
situation is
dire look at our children they're
playing with sewage water it's disease
it's
trash we are human beings we want peace
we want to live like other human
[Music]
beings so a new danger threatens the
lives of residents and the lives of
refugees here at the shelters because of
the pooling of rainwater and waste water
and the municipality cannot do its work
due to the municipality's vehicles being
targeted by the occupation forces
Shaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer